

%Radovi-community ddetection

  Arenas et al. (2007) - modularity for the directed networks
  
  
%TODO Ovaj section mi je OK do na primere. Kao sto si na primer istakla da WWW primer usmerene mreze, ne bi bilo lose da za svaki tip mreze imamo neki primer i citat

%TODO Mozes da se ovde fokusiras na realne mreze vise neko na modelirane. Jer na kraju sve je krenulo od njih.

%Open questions

    Investigate the role of network topology in dynamical processes:

    Use network models to study the impact of network topology on spreading processes such as epidemic outbreaks or information diffusion. (Pastor-Satorras and Vespignani, 2001; Newman, 2002)
    Develop models that capture the impact of network topology on synchronization phenomena, such as the Kuramoto model on complex networks. (Gómez-Gardeñes et al., 2011)
    Investigate the impact of network topology on the dynamics of collective behavior, such as the emergence of consensus or polarization. (Deffuant et al., 2000; Galam and Jacobs, 2007)

    Study the impact of network dynamics on dynamical processes:

    Develop models that capture the impact of network growth or rewiring on spreading processes, such as the activity-driven network model. (Perra et al., 2012)
    Investigate the impact of network dynamics on synchronization phenomena, such as the adaptive Kuramoto model or the rewiring Kuramoto model. (Peron and Rodrigues, 2017; Wang et al., 2020)
    Study the impact of network dynamics on the dynamics of collective behavior, such as the coevolving voter model. (Gross and Blasius, 2008)

    Develop models of multilayer and multiplex networks:

    Use the tensor network framework to represent and analyze multilayer networks. (Kolda and Bader, 2009)
    Develop models that capture the interlayer dependencies between different layers of a multilayer network, such as the interdependent network model or the network of networks model. (Buldyrev et al., 2010; Gao et al., 2016)
    Investigate the dynamics of multiplex networks, or networks with multiple types of edges, such as the multiplex SIS model. (Granell et al., 2013)

    Investigate the impact of spatial structure on network dynamics:

    Develop spatial network models that capture the geographic structure of complex networks, such as the gravity model or




